[16.0][ADD] stock_orderpoint_default_warehouse_location (#13)
OCA/stock-logistics-orderpoint: stock_orderpoint_default_warehouse_location/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Allow to configure the orderpoint location on the warehouse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow to configure the default orderpoint location of the warehouse.

When creating an orderpoint, this location will be used instead of the warehouse stock location.
```
